README.md, before:

# Süß

AI transcription &amp; summarization service for videoconferences 🐕‍🦺

## Motivation

It is not uncommon for employees to spend on average 20% of their time in meetings.

Documenting a meeting in a minute or memo is a valuable resource to reference what was talked about and agreed, provide a good starting point for future meetings and assess its productivity.

However, there are several inconveniences to delegate the responsibility of documenting a meeting's minutes 📃 to employees. This includes the unaffordable, cost of dedicating a single person to the task, the lack of active participation for the person taking notes, and/or the subjective outcome based on various personal agendas.

Recent advances in Deep Learning and web browsers 🕸️ make it possible to automate the task of transcribing and summarizing a meeting to an AI agent. 


## Product Definition

Süß will provide a minimalistic, elegant, easy to use interface. Below the four main tasks it is expected to achieve on a first iteration:

- [ ] A real time transcription service.

- [ ] An intuitive dashboard to track KPIs.

- [ ] An accurate summarization supplementary feature.

- [ ] A clear CTA to assess the demand for the product.


## Value Proposition

* The accuracy of provided results.

* Prioritization of data privacy.

* Interesting and insightful metrics.

* Convenience and ease of use.

* Inevitable necessity from day one. 🥇


## Technological Stack

The landing site should be welcoming and innovative, ideally powered by 3D rendering tech.

An clear CTA redirects to an elegant dashboard with well explained metrics a demo video and a path to grant relevant permissions and get started.

The transcription service is powered by the native browser's TextToSpeech API.

The summarization 🌅 feature is based on TensorflowJS, word embeddings and k-means clustering.

KPIs are an appendix of the vectorial analysis 📲 of language understanding.

## Vision



## Contact

Commit message:

Asserted axis of future development. 🔥

README.md, after:

# Süß

AI transcription &amp; summarization service for videoconferences 🐕‍🦺

## Motivation

It is not uncommon for employees to spend on average 20% of their time in meetings.

Documenting a meeting in a minute or memo is a valuable resource to reference what was talked about and agreed, provide a good starting point for future meetings and assess its productivity.

However, there are several inconveniences to delegate the responsibility of documenting a meeting's minutes 📃 to employees. This includes the unaffordable, cost of dedicating a single person to the task, the lack of active participation for the person taking notes, and/or the subjective outcome based on various personal agendas.

Recent advances in Deep Learning and web browsers 🕸️ make it possible to automate the task of transcribing and summarizing a meeting to an AI agent. 


## Product Definition

Süß will provide a minimalistic, elegant, easy to use interface. Below the four main tasks it is expected to achieve on a first iteration:

- [ ] A real time transcription service.

- [ ] An intuitive dashboard to track KPIs.

- [ ] An accurate summarization supplementary feature.

- [ ] A clear CTA to assess the demand for the product.


## Value Proposition

* The accuracy of provided results.

* Prioritization of data privacy.

* Interesting and insightful metrics.

* Convenience and ease of use.

* Inevitable necessity from day one. 🥇


## Technological Stack

The landing site should be welcoming and innovative, ideally powered by 3D rendering tech.

An clear CTA redirects to an elegant dashboard with well explained metrics a demo video and a path to grant relevant permissions and get started.

The transcription service is powered by the native browser's TextToSpeech API.

The summarization 🌅 feature is based on TensorflowJS, word embeddings and k-means clustering.

KPIs are an appendix of the vectorial analysis 📲 of language understanding.

## Vision

As the product progresses three axis will lead the product development:

1. Ability to enforce meeting's agreements.

2. Build a strong collaborative team culture.

3. Assess and maximize the productivity of meetings 

The path 〽️ to achieve these goals will start from a amicable notification system, intuitive visual communication and state of the art deep learning models. 🎨

## Contact
